Leering, leaving a trail of lush green. A form that isn’t perceivable unless her limbs are outlined by the translucent fabric surrounding her body. Long undulating branches for arms and legs frolic amongst the winds as she tumbles. Lightly skidding across the ground.

Clara sweeps herself as so she is hovering, underneath dark, almost black green. From within the parting of cedar trees. Stepping in to the lake water that does not show clear. Cedar water is dark brown and cloudy. It has algae at the bottom instead of sand. Algae is good for the skin and nourishes the earth. Algae can cure a sickness that trickles down to the core of a human being within their bones, blood vessels, tendons, or organs. A God who is seemingly not letting up. Laying flat in shallow water supine, algae absorbed, looking up at the sky. The meniscus of the water in the lake touching the edges of her open eyelids, rising and then falling to the surface of her cheeks with the current of the winds. Breathing, falling, standing up and bowing down. She is walking a pilgrimage to herself. One day she will understand why.

The algae clings to to the cloth around her feet. It is a gauzy and thin soft cotton cloth. Although it is sheer, it is layered enough to not allow visibility underneath. It has been weathered through centuries of natural decomposition and regrowth. But if a human were to touch it, the comfort of the sensation would lead them to fall to the ground and cling to the fabric and cry. Though for what reason is unknown, relief or despair.

Clara’s nature is as a remedy is to suffering as gravity is to a human on earth, touching the ground, sinking. Gravity coils in on itself and exists as an eternal memory. Only perpetual movement, skiddish undulating, and vocal howls obfuscate visions of all whose memory she absorbs for them. She is one of a few harbingers of sullenness who walks here. A keeper of despair, untold tales, hidden by the ability to facade such misfortune. Graced by a fog in the air that is warmed by sunlight.

The River Styx birthed this place for a chance at hope and dropped her here. But, no other physical body lays eternally supine here with her. Lived human experiences manifest through natural ordinances. She hears troubling winds, that of the likes of a freight train. Bares boiling rain as bloodshed dripping down her shoulders, seeping into her cloth, weighing it heavier.

“Sullen were we in the sweet air that is gladdened by the Sun…

“Now lie we sullen here in the black mire.”

A life once lived with human will, a second chance to live by God. On one condition that she devout her life to all who are calling. For the the rest of time she is screaming in the awe of other’s. A scream that is deafening to the ears. Crying and vomiting out a sense of plea, for protection and solace. A scene that looks beyond disgusting to a human. A mess so morose, one should not stare for too long. In these moments, the bloodshed is washed away in the cedar lake, aided by black shiny leeches for the blood and algae for the dirt. Leaving her cloth white again upon walking up on to the grass as if originally untouched.

The fabric damp from the heated rainfall is lifted and dried miraculously despite the fog, but the farther she travels, the more the air turns to a chilling cold temperature. Teardrops dripping down her cheeks from the frigid air, looking up at the seagulls whose call echoes out to the sea. Slippery boulders stable against crashing waves almost four times her height when climbing on top of them. Cuts on skin leaving remnants of her evidence of past humanity.

Waves fold over her body along with the fabric, sand smoothed over leaving an imprint of her hands and legs. Letting the sand encapsulate her in a safe bed. She is enamored by her place in the vastness, comforted by her place along the powdery dust encrusted on her cloth. But here, there is no evidence of being alone. The presence of fauna are there for her to watch over and watch and listen to for eternity. Observing an amorphousness to just be.

She counts every seagull who catches a fish. Every sand crab that finds a seashell. Every oyster that births a pearl. Every seaweed’s ray of light underwater. Despite the scraping of the rocky boulder that is underneath her, encrusted with slippery algae, there is firm grip. Falling upright.

